[guides/content/] polished and ready for i18n! (#8556)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/content.mdx

<ReadMore>Learn more about [writing Markdown content in Astro](/en/guides/markdown-content/).</ReadMore>

### MDX Authoring

> If you add the [Astro MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to your project, you can also write content using `.mdx` files, which can include JavaScript expressions and components within your Markdown. This includes both static [Astro components](/en/basics/astro-components/) and interactive [framework components](/en/guides/framework-components/). This allows you to add UI elements such as a banner or an interactive carousel with text content.

Author: ```suggestion
If you add the [Astro MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to your project, you can also write content using `.mdx` files, which can include JavaScript expressions and components within your Markdown. This includes both static [Astro components](/en/basics/astro-components/) and interactive [framework components](/en/guides/framework-components/). This allows you to include UI elements such as a banner or an interactive carousel along with your text content.
```

> If you add the [Astro MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to your project, you can also write content using `.mdx` files, can include JavaScript expressions and custom components within your Markdown. This includes both static [Astro components](/en/basics/astro-components/) and interactive [framework components](/en/guides/framework-components/). Add UI elements such as a banner or an interactive carousel right in your text to turn your content into full-fledged web pages.

Author: ```suggestion
If you add the [Astro MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to your project, you can also write content using `.mdx` files, which can include JavaScript expressions and custom components within your Markdown. This includes both static [Astro components](/en/basics/astro-components/) and interactive [framework components](/en/guides/framework-components/). Add UI elements such as a banner or an interactive carousel right in your text to turn your content into full-fledged web pages.
```

> If you add the [Astro MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to your project, you can also write content using `.mdx` files, which can include JavaScript expressions and custom components within your Markdown. This includes both static [Astro components](/en/basics/astro-components/) and interactive [framework components](/en/guides/framework-components/). Add UI elements such as a banner or an interactive carousel right in your text to turn your content into full-fledged web pages.

Author: ```suggestion
If you add the [Astro MDX integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) to your project, you can also write content using `.mdx` files, which can include JavaScript expressions and components within your Markdown. This includes both static [Astro components](/en/basics/astro-components/) and interactive [framework components](/en/guides/framework-components/). This allows you to add UI elements such as a banner or an interactive carousel with text content.
```

> Write and edit `.mdx` files directly in your code editor, alongside your project files. MDX files are a [supported page file type](/en/basics/astro-pages/#supported-page-files) in Astro, and may also be used as [content collection entries](#managing-content-pages).

Author: ```suggestion
Write and edit `.mdx` files directly in your code editor, alongside your project files. MDX files are a [supported page file type](/en/basics/astro-pages/#supported-page-files) in Astro, and may also be used as [content collection entries](#content-collections).
```

## Managing content pages

### Page files

Markdown and MDX files that live in your `src/pages` directory will automatically generate pages on your site using Astro's [file-based routing](/en/guides/routing/), built at a URL corresponding to the post's file path. 

### Local content

You can also choose to keep your Markdown and MDX files outside of the `src/pages` directory, and instead [import their content](/en/guides/markdown-content/#importing-markdown) into `.astro` pages.

### Content collections

Astro's own [content collections](/en/guides/content-collections/) provide a powerful, type-safe way to work with Markdown, MDX, or Markdoc content organized in the `src/content/` directory. 

### Remote content

> You can also [fetch markdown remotely](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#fetching-remote-markdown) from a source outside of your project. This will require your own Markdown parser, or a community integration (e.g. [`astro-remote`](https://github.com/natemoo-re/astro-remote)).

Reviewer: Fix the check link error because of the absolute link.
```suggestion
You can also [fetch markdown remotely](/en/guides/markdown-content/#fetching-remote-markdown) from a source outside of your project. This will require your own Markdown parser, or a community integration (e.g. [`astro-remote`](https://github.com/natemoo-re/astro-remote)).
```
